pull-requests.md: add guidance for large and/or automatic edits (#8451)
kubernetes/community: contributors/guide/pull-requests.md

* Can the file be improved further?
* Does the trivial edit greatly improve the quality of the content?

## Large or Automatic Edits

Some tools make it very easy to create large Pull Requests, for example:
- global search/replace

> - linters which automatically correct issues (see also next section)

Reviewer: (parts of this are also redundant with the earlier section "Don't Open Pull Requests That Span the Whole Repository")

Author: True. I think they are a complimentary, so I cross-referenced them.

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/compare/316bb29bf6c134ed9b0955971f6107ddf4f609b8..f67a105f9a1f379f46d0f7a554dffc3085baa44d

- large language models (LLMs) which generate code or documentation

To make it easier for reviewers to handle such Pull Requests, please explain
how it was generated in the "Special notes for your reviewer" section of the
Pull Request description. Reviewers may then be able to reproduce those steps
(search/replace, linters) or can start the review with the right expectations
(LLMs).

Even with such tools it is still your responsibility as submitter of a Pull
Request to ensure that the change is correct (to the best of your knowledge),
and that making the change improves the project enough to justify the cost that
is needed to review and merge the Pull Request (see previous section). If
unsure, add a "RFC: " (request for comments) or "WIP: " (work in progress) prefix
to the subject of the Pull Request and ask for guidance.

> Please understand that reviewers may decide to close a Pull Request with a
> reference to this documentation if they come to the conclusion that the Pull
> Request is not worth the effort.

Reviewer: maybe clarify what that means a little more?

```suggestion
Please understand that reviewers may decide to close a Pull Request with a
reference to this documentation if they come to the conclusion that the
difficulty of properly reviewing the Pull Request outweighs the benefit that
the PR provides.
```

Author: Thanks, added.

> ## Fixing Linter Issues

Author: Docs guidelines are to use lower case in section titles, but this document is different. I used the opportunity to make this section title consistent and also added it to the TOC.

* Can the file be improved further?
* Does the trivial edit greatly improve the quality of the content?

## Large or Automatic Edits

Some tools make it very easy to create large Pull Requests, for example:
- global search/replace
- linters which automatically correct issues (see also next section)
- large language models (LLMs) which generate code or documentation

To make it easier for reviewers to handle such Pull Requests, please explain
how it was generated in the "Special notes for your reviewer" section of the
Pull Request description. Reviewers may then be able to reproduce those steps
(search/replace, linters) or can start the review with the right expectations
(LLMs). Also consider the section about [splitting up Pull
Requests](#dont-open-pull-requests-that-span-the-whole-repository) above.

Even with such tools it is still your responsibility as submitter of a Pull
Request to ensure that the change is correct (to the best of your knowledge),
and that making the change improves the project enough to justify the cost that
is needed to review and merge the Pull Request (see previous section). If

> unsure, create a draft Pull Request and ask for guidance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unsure, create a Draft Pull Request and ask for guidance.
```
as mentioned elsewhere, this will be consistent with github UI, ie. we won't have to explain it :wink:

* Can the file be improved further?
* Does the trivial edit greatly improve the quality of the content?

## Large or Automatic Edits

Some tools make it very easy to create large Pull Requests, for example:
- global search/replace
- linters which automatically correct issues (see also next section)
- large language models (LLMs) which generate code or documentation

To make it easier for reviewers to handle such Pull Requests, please explain

> how it was generated in the "Special notes for your reviewer" section of the

Reviewer 3: Should we add some suggestions/questions in current Pull Request template for this part?

Reviewer 4: Hesitant about that. The template is pretty long

Reviewer 2: I agree our current template is already long. This is more for contributors to use when they are closing PRs, so they don't have to repeat the same thing over and over again, but rather just use a "saved reply" feature from GH.

Pull Request description. Reviewers may then be able to reproduce those steps
(search/replace, linters) or can start the review with the right expectations
(LLMs). Also consider the section about [splitting up Pull
Requests](#dont-open-pull-requests-that-span-the-whole-repository) above.

Even with such tools it is still your responsibility as submitter of a Pull
Request to ensure that the change is correct (to the best of your knowledge),
and that making the change improves the project enough to justify the cost that
is needed to review and merge the Pull Request (see previous section). If

> unsure, add a "RFC: " (request for comments) or "WIP: " (work in progress) prefix

Reviewer 4: WIP: has meaning to our CI in a way RFC: does not

Author: They are both not mentioned elsewhere in the document. I was wondering whether they deserve a more complete description and then decided against it because this didn't look like the right place for it. But perhaps a few more sentence are fine?

> RFC is merely informational. WIP also prevents merging accidentally. To avoid running tests before the Pull Request is ready, create a Draft Pull Request, in which case `/test` can be used to trigger only specific test jobs.

Author: Agreed, mentioning one option here that has the desired effect is better than trying to cover all of them. Changed to:

> If unsure, create a draft Pull Request and ask for guidance.

Author: I was unsure whether I should use "Draft Pull Request" or "draft Pull Request". The document uses "Pull Request", but it wasn't entirely clear to me why capital letter where chosen - I just did the same to be consistent. But "draft" is not used elsewhere, so I decided to use the normal spelling.

Author: Let's have a debate over a single character difference :stuck_out_tongue_closed_eyes: ...

Author: That's styling in the web UI. In normal prose, GitHub doesn't capitalize: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/reviewing-changes-in-pull-requests/about-pull-request-reviews

But I agree, we probably used "Pull Request" because of the button, so let's stay consistent. Changed...
